Add tutorial for calibrating TS4231 GUI data (#259)
open-ephys/onix1-bonsai-docs: articles/hardware/hs64/ts4231.md

Reviewer: The title here is "Headstage 64 Ts4231", but the TOC lists it as "Position Data", which confused me. We should standardize the naming between these two areas.

Author: I think the idea is that the TOC leads them to where they wanna go in plain english but the title would tell them the actual device is that they wanna use. however, I totally understand your confusion here.

Author: spawned issue #306

maximum achievable sample rate is 30 Hz per receiver. There are three receivers on the Headstage 64,
so `TS4231V1PositionData` can emit up to 3 `TS4231V1PositionDataFrames` in a single 30 Hz sampling
cycle. Of course, if occlusions cause receivers to miss optical signals, this rate will be reduced. 

The `TS4231V1PositionData`'s `DeviceName` property is set to "Headstage64/TS4231V1". This links the
`TS4231V1PositionData` operator to the corresponding configuration operator.

The [CsvWriter](xref:Bonsai.IO.CsvWriter) operator writes the `Clock` and `Position` members from
the `TS4231V1PositionDataFrame` output by `TS4231V1PositionData` to a file with the following name
format: `uncalibrated-ts4231v1__<filecount>.csv`. Because `CsvWriter` is a _sink_ operator, its
output sequence is equivalent to its input sequence. In other words, its output is equivalent to
`TS4231V1PositionData`'s output. Therefore, it's possible to connect it directly to
<xref:OpenEphys.Onix1.TS4231V1SpatialTransform> which takes `TS4231V1PositionDataFrame` as its
input. To learn how to use this operator to transform coordinates in the TS4231 device reference

> frame to a reference frame that is more intuitive or relevant to teh experiment, checkout out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frame to a reference frame that is more intuitive or relevant to the experiment, check out the
```

<xref:calibrate-ts4231> tutorial page. 

`TS4231V1SpatialTransform` connects directly to another `CsvWriter` -- this one writes `Clock` and
`Position` members from the `TS4231V1PositionDataFrame` output by `TS4231V1PositionData` to a file
with the following name format: `calibrated-ts4231v1__<filecount>.csv`. The

> [MemberSelector](xref:Bonsai.Expressions.MemberSelectorBuilder) operator on the `CsvWriter` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MemberSelector](xref:Bonsai.Expressions.MemberSelectorBuilder) operator on the `CsvWriter`
```
